Add specific documentation to the README (#551)
meilisearch/meilisearch-python: README.md

## 📖 Documentation

> See our [Documentation of this SDK](https://meilisearch.github.io/meilisearch-python/), our [Documentation](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/tutorials/getting_started.html) or our [API References](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/).

Reviewer: It's a bit confusing to read :/ Maybe the @meilisearch/docs-team can help out?

Also, the link does not seem to work

Author: Good point I will ask the doc-team
Yes the link will work after the release of the next version

> See the [Documentation of this SDK](https://meilisearch.github.io/meilisearch-python/), our [Meilisearch Documentation](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/tutorials/getting_started.html) or our [API References](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This readme contains all the information on this SDK. To learn more about Meilisearch, refer to our [documentation](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/getting_started/quick_start.html) or our [API references](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/overview.html).
```

Reviewer 3: Actually it's faster if I just make a suggestion, sorry for the notification 😄

> See the [Documentation of this SDK](https://meilisearch.github.io/meilisearch-python/), our [Meilisearch Documentation](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/tutorials/getting_started.html) or our [API References](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/).

Reviewer 3: I’m a bit confused about this—it seems like the link given (https://meilisearch.github.io/meilisearch-python/) is a deploy of this README. So isn't this kind of like linking to itself?

Author: It should deploy the documentation after the release the build is triggered by pushing new tag

Author: @dichotommy, I trigger the action the link should work now!

> This readme contains all the information on this SDK. To learn more about Meilisearch, refer to our [documentation](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/getting_started/quick_start.html) or our [API references](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/overview.html).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To learn more about Meilisearch Python, refer to the in-depth [Meilisearch Python documentation](https://meilisearch.github.io/meilisearch-python/). To learn more about Meilisearch in general, refer to our [documentation](https://docs.meilisearch.com/learn/getting_started/quick_start.html) or our [API reference](https://docs.meilisearch.com/reference/api/overview.html).
```

## 📖 Documentation

> https://meilisearch.github.io/meilisearch-python/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Not sure this was intentional

Author: It wasn't 😄
